Remove domain_allowlist fix for EmailValidator (#259)
adamchainz/django-upgrade: README.rst

``EmailValidator``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Rewrites keyword arguments to their new names: ``whitelist`` to ``allowlist``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rewrites the ``whitelist`` keyword argument to its new name ``allowlist``.
```

Author: You didn't applied this suggestion before merging, not sure it was intended ?

Reviewer: woops!

Reviewer: done in 76819494042fc3aaaa01604ed40418f4ce0078b0
